TODO 2, we're gonna declare and
assign a variable called fact that's
going to be an object that represents
a statement, an answer that's true or
false, and an explanation.
The one that I had in here
looked something like
a statement of 1 plus 1
equals equals equals 2.
The answer of true, I can't remember
which version we're looking at if
it's the text or the numbers.
And then the explanation of what the plus
operator does to strings, I think it was.
So, hopefully you all chose
totally different facts.
Can somebody walk me through what
they did for their statement object?
So let's start with, we're gonna assign
a variable and again, this statement now.
In this case,
the statement is just gonna be, sorry,
the fact is just gonna be one fact for
this page, so we're not gonna change it.
It's just gonna be this page,
your page always has one fact.
In my page's case, it was always the fact
string 1 + string 1 === string 2.
And so, if we look at my solution,
hopefully, no spoilers, let's see.
We saw that what I did, scrolling down,
was something like this.
Ignore that, something like this, okay?
So a fact, I have statement,
and so an explanation.
Now, let's look at what you all did.
So who can walk me through their solution?
OJ, did you wanna share?
>> Sure I did, I tried to do const fact
equals and then I do the squiggly lines.
>> Curly braces, yep
>> Squiggly braces statement, colon,
>> Statement, colon.
>> Arrays are just like objects.
>> Arrays are just like objects,
love it, okay?
>> Comma, answers, colon,
an array, yes, no.
>> Interesting, okay.
So in this case, what we want,
we're gonna have two options here.
In fact, where in this case, we're not
gonna change the options from true false.
So we're just gonna keep all of our
questions like true/false questions.
And we already have buttons
set up to say true and false.
So could we edit those to say yes or
no instead?
Absolutely, we could.
In this case,
what we wanna do is represent, for
this particular fact,
what is the correct answer?
So in this case we probably
just want answer singular,
and in this case it could be false,
or I mean depends what you,
this is a philosophical question here.
Let's say, maybe we move this
arrays are just objects,
we'll maybe make it a little trickier.
But arrays are like objects in that
they actually are objects with
some special properties,
then our answer would probably be true.
Okay, so now the value of your answer
here, you could have had two options.
You could have had the boolean value
true or false as a boolean value.
Or you could also have a string value
of the word true or the word false.
Both are valid.
Later, we're gonna have to deal
with the fact that we may have had
a choice of whether to put
a boolean here or a string.
And so, both are valid,
we're gonna have to be conscious
of the fact that answer is a boolean here,
if we used the boolean, yeah?
>> And then explanation,
colon, changed my mind.
>> [LAUGH] Okay, so in this case,
changed my mind could be, it's your page,
you can put whatever you want.
But maybe we could say something
like to explain in a little bit more
detail why the answer is true.
So we could say like arrays are a kind
of object or something like that.
Or arrays are type object or
whatever it is, right?
So depending on what your fact is, you get
to decide what this explanation is, yeah?
Okay, so I'm just gonna say arrays are
kind of object with special properties.
And are we done?
Yes, question.
>> Okay, so
when you showed us the one that you did,
all of the IDs,
the keys there, were in quote.
>> Quotes,
that is a very astute observation.
So, when we're looking at the coding here,
and
it's really difficult to read
inside the inspector here.
Which is why we appreciate
syntax highlighting and IDEs and
how they space everything out nicely.
But you may have noticed that there were
some quotes around the property names.
And in fact, let's go back to our new tab.
In JavaScript, we can do,
myProperty, some kind of value.
We could also do, Strings
that have a little bit more going on here,
like my longer property,
that has spaces in it and
then other value.
And if we look at now at the object o2,
we'll notice that its property key here or
the kind of the name of that
property is now wrapped in strings.
String quotes, double quotes, [LAUGH].
Because what we said before is that
when JavaScript is making these objects,
it's creating these arrows as it were,
these pointers, to values and
it's giving them a name.
And actually, it's kind of
expecting strings for those names.
So what we're usually doing is working
with property names that are just all
one word, no spaces, no symbols,
no other stuff that wouldn't usually go
in a variable name,
this is the convention in JavaScript.
But actually,
we can use whatever string we want.
So if we do you want spaces or
fancy characters or
things like that in our property names,
we can do it.
Now the problem is we can't then,
I can do o.myProperty and
get my value out.
Or as we saw before, we can do o,
the string name of the property,
which is a little hint that actually
JavaScript is seeing these as strings.
And those both give us the same thing.
But with o2,
if we were to do my longer property,
we can already tell from the highlighting
that something is going wrong here.
And JavaScript is like,
what are you saying?
I don't understand what this is,
because that space means
something when I do a dot, right?
Because we're expecting
something else there.
However, I can still use
the brackets notation to
say my longer property and
still get out the value.
So, great question and revealed a little
hidden trick that properties can do.
And so, I think what's happening here is
in the browser, how it's displaying it,
it's just kind of indicating the
stringiness of those property names for
us, even though those quotes don't
exist in my actual source code.
Good eye.
And I just put a semicolon at the end of
this declaration because even though it's
split up on multiple lines,
as we often do with objects,
we've just told JavaScript
to do something.
JavaScript, create a variable fact and
assign it to this object, full stop.
And so, we're using
the semicolon to indicate that.